# Wafer_Fault_Detection
# Abstract


 Wafer is an important component in the semiconductor industry. The size of wafers has increased in recent years to up to 300 mm so it is necessary to manage it. Wafer manufacture involves a number of chemical steps, and because of the time delay, it is challenging to measure and regulate. In the very complicated, interconnected, and time-consuming wafer fabrication processes used in semiconductor production for yield enhancement and quality control, process monitoring and profile analysis are crucial in spotting numerous aberrant events. Our aim is to create a framework for semiconductor faults detection and classification (FDC) that will allow researchers to track and examine data on wafer fabrication profiles from a wide range of connected process variables in order to identify the source of faults and eliminate them to reduce abnormal yield loss. The suggested framework, which relies on a controlled limit and the deduced straightforward criteria, may efficiently detect aberrant wafers. The information that was retrieved can help with the identification and repair of semiconductor problems. The goal is to create a Machine Learning model that predicts whether a wafer needs to be replaced (i.e., will work or not) based on inputs from various sensors. There are two classes: +1 and -1. +1 means the wafer is good and does not need to be replaced. -1 means the wafer is defective and should be replaced. The results demonstrate the practical applicability of the proposed approach.
